[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Gum-Gum...
Go ahead. You'll die
just like Law!
[LAW]
Shambles!
[DOFLAMINGO gasps]
Sorry, but nobody's
dying here except you!
This operation will destroy
your body from the inside out!
[groans]
Gamma Knife!
[DOFLAMINGO yells]
Doffy! You're a king!
A king never falls to his knees!
You forget about me?
Now Gum-Gum Jet Stamp!
Oh no!
[groans]
It has be... me who does this.
[LAW]
Room!
[LAW] Cora, I can finally
make your dream come true.
[LAW]
It's over, Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO panting]
[LAW] It's only a matter
of time before you die now.
There's no visible wound,
but the Gamma Knife
destroys your internal organs.
You can take my word for it,
'cause I'm a doctor.
[TREBOL gasps]
Law! What have you done?
You'll pay! How dare you!
[TREBOL groans]
Don't get in our way!
[LAW panting]
[LAW] Your "Family"
is nothing more than
people you thought
you could use.
A bond built entirely on
your own ego and convenience.
[LAW]
And your only true brother,
who tried to stop you on
your path to destruction,
was murdered by you.
'Cause Law's finally free now!
[DOFLAMINGO] Yeah, I know.
That was unfortunate.
But he was the one
who betrayed me.
He was the one
who pointed a gun.
You think I wanted that?
Don't gimme that crap!
You knew damn well
he wouldn't pull that trigger.
I could've pulled it just fine.
[chuckling]
[DOFLAMINGO]
I bet so.
I always knew we were the same.
I wanna destroy
everything that I see!
[LAW]
People. Towns.
I wanna burn this whole
world to the ground.
[LAW]
Maybe so.
But in this case, that's fine.
[LAW]
'Cause I'll tell you this.
[LAW] You were the one
who should've died that day!
[DOFLAMINGO]
If you're expecting me to say
something cold and twisted,
then I'll indulge you.
Huh?
I hated Corazon.
He was a nuisance
and an obstacle to me.
His insipid sense of justice.
His worthless sentimentality,
holding me back.
He wasn't worth a damn.
And that's why,
when I killed him
that day, I was happy--
[LAW]
Counter Shock!
[DOFLAMINGO groans]
You go to hell!
I've heard enough!
Doffy!
[panting]
[LUFFY]
Traffy!
Hey, buddy! Stay with me!
[gasps] Are you okay?
Hey, Straw Hat.
[panting]
Don't worry about me,
I'll be fine.
Is it over? Is Doflamingo...
[LAW gasps]
[laughs] That's our king for ya!
Can't keep a String Man down!
[TREBOL laughs]
[LAW]
What did you do?
[DOFLAMINGO] If I have
enough time, I can use my powers
to perform an
operation of my own.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Right now, beneath the skin,
my strings are
reconstructing the organs
you so rudely damaged.
What the hell?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Just takes a little creativity.
Although I don't know if I would
call this "healing" exactly.
You threw your life away.
Sticky-Sticky Chain!
[LUFFY gasps]
Lemme go!
[TREBOL]
Stick-Stickem!
[laughs]
[chuckles] And look at that,
I still get to do the honors.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Dammit!
[gasps]
How dare you stop me!
You know I've been
looking forward to this--
smashing Law's skull in.
So move!
[gasps]
No way!
That's the color of the
Supreme King's Haki clashing!
That brat can use it, too?
[yells]
[groans]
[TREBOL gasps]
[gasps] Holy crap!
What the hell is
going on up there?!
[LAW] Straw Hat. You can use it!
Just like I thought!
[gasping]
[TREBOL gasps]
[TREBOL] You were chosen
by heaven itself.
Your Haki is the proof!
[TREBOL] Do you want me
to give you the strength
to take revenge?
[DOFLAMINGO]
People I wanna kill?
There's plenty of 'em!
[laughs]
[TREBOL]
Too bad, Straw Hat!
You made it this far,
but in the end,
you'll never stack up
against Doffy!
[laughs]
What's your story, kid?
[COMMONER A]
Let's hang them!
Do it!
[COMMONER B] We finally
have a chance to retaliate
against them! I never
thought I'd see the day!
[DOFLAMINGO screams]
Doffy!
[ROSINANTE]
Help me!
[crying]
Please, my boys are innocent!
Direct your arrows
at me, not them!
I beg you!
Please don't harm
my children anymore!
[ROSINANTE crying] Help, Daddy,
it hurts everywhere!
I wanna die!
[DOFLAMINGO]
You'll pay for this.
I'll get even. I swear it!
Doffy, no.
You wretches! I won't die today!
I swear to survive whatever
torment you throw at me!
Remember my words!
[DOFLAMINGO] I look forward to
the day that I hunt you down.
And I will murder
every single one of you!
[DOFLAMINGO crying]
[TREBOL]
Wha-What? You're kidding!
You knocked everyone out cold
on your own, little guy?
Uh-huh.
That's powerful Haki! Wow!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Haki?
And it's the Supreme King's
Haki, too! That's great!
[TREBOL laughs] Those with
the quality of a Supreme King
stand above all others!
[laughs] Doflamingo.
You were chosen
by heaven itself.
Your Haki is the proof!
[chuckles]
[TREBOL]
Now. Let's have a test
to see if you're
a real man or not.
[TREBOL] Are there any people
who you wanna kill?
Do you want me to give you
the strength to take revenge?
[laughs]
[DOFLAMINGO] People I wanna
kill? There's plenty of 'em!
Why? Why did you
take my power from me?
Father, we have to live
with this mess you put us in!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Unless I take your head
back to the Holyland, that is!
[cries]
Doflamingo. Rosinante.
You have a very foolish
father. I'm sorry.
[TREBOL] Doffy is of
a completely different
caliber than you!
His birth nurtured
a madness inside him!
His fate fed him endless fury!
They changed this man
into a perfect demon!
[TREBOL] The ultimate evil
made to grasp the world
and tear it asunder!
[laughs] Doffy is a true king!
A demon chosen by Heaven
itself to rule supreme!
So what? Who cares?
[yells]
Let's go!
[chuckles]
[LUFFY grunts]
[laughs]
[yelling]
[TREBOL laughing]
[TREBOL] Doffy is a
true hero among villains!
[LUFFY]
Go to hell! Mingo!
Gum-Gum...
[TREBOL chuckling]
[TREBOL]
Doffy's madness...
...will tear apart
this world at the seams!
[chuckling]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckling]
...Eagle Bazooka!
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Athlete!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckling]
This is a joke. Just give up!
[NARRATOR] In the midst of
his battle with Doflamingo,
Luffy is attacked by Trebol,
the final Don Quixote
Family Executive.
But even with the power
of his Armament Haki,
Luffy is unable to
strike his body.
Suddenly gaining the upper hand,
Trebol prepares to send off Law
and Luffy with a literal bang.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!